capital = 613 # Nanjing
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = CHI_weng_wenhao
recruit_character = CHI_tu_yuming
recruit_character = CHI_hsueh_yueh
recruit_character = CHI_tai_anlan
recruit_character = CHI_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = CHI_sun_li_jen
recruit_character = CHI_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = CHI_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = CHI_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = CHI_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = CHI_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhu_de
recruit_character = CHI_chen_cheng
recruit_character = CHI_li_zongren
recruit_character = CHI_bo_yibo
recruit_character = CHI_huang_shen
recruit_character = CHI_chen_jitang
recruit_character = CHI_wang_shuming
recruit_character = CHI_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_yisu
recruit_character = CHI_chen_shaokuan
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_jinguang
recruit_character = CHI_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = CHI_he_yingqin
recruit_character = CHI_gao_zhihang
recruit_character = CHI_h_h_kung
recruit_character = CHI_chen_guofu
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_ching_kuo
recruit_character = CHI_chen_yi
recruit_character = CHI_soong_mei_ling
recruit_character = CHI_random_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = CHI_lin_sen

set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.5
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 40

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}


