capital = 107
recruit_character = YUG_prince_paul
recruit_character = YUG_milan_stojadinovic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_grol
recruit_character = YUG_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = YUG_vladimir_Cukavac
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_gosnjak
recruit_character = YUG_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_kosic
recruit_character = YUG_josef_depre
recruit_character = YUG_marijan_polic
recruit_character = YUG_borivoje_mirkovic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = YUG_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = YUG_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = YUG_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = YUG_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_milovan_djilas
recruit_character = YUG_milan_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_dimitrije_ljotic
recruit_character = YUG_ivo_lola_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_peter_ii
set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.5.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 10
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 60
}
set_stability = 0.6

add_ideas = {
	GDU_neutrality
}
